sampling dist + boot consistency (#141)
OpenIntroStat/ims: 13-foundations-mathematical.Rmd

terms_chp_13 <- c("sampling distribution", "null distribution")
```

::: {.important data-latex=""}
**Sampling distribution.**

> A sampling distribution describes the possible values of a **statistic** (note that here the sample proportion, $\hat{p}$ is described, but other statistics like the sample mean, $\bar{x}$ will be described later) as they change from study to study.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sampling distribution describes the possible values of a **statistic** as they change from sample to sample. Here, the sample proportion ($\hat{p}$) is described, but other statistics like the sample mean ($\bar{x}$) will be described later.
```

Author: i'm 100% fine with this, and i do think it is how the term is typically defined.  

but i think there is something more to the idea of a sampling distribution.  for example, if the question is one of randomization, then the sampling distribution represents the possible values over all randomizations.  that's why i chose the words "study" instead of "sample".  (especially given how we've focused on the computational creation via randomization tests).

add a caveat that says randomization sampling distributions are also sampling distributions?  or no, just leave it at sampling?

> A sampling distribution is contrasted with a data distribution which shows the variability of the *observed* data values.
> 
> A data distribution can be visualized from the observations themselves.
> However, because a sampling distribution describes many statistics computed from many studies, it cannot be visualized directly from a single dataset.
> Instead, a sampling distribution uses either computational or mathematical structures to describe the variability expected in repeated studies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sampling distribution is contrasted with a data distribution which shows the variability of the *observed* data values.
The data distribution can be visualized from the observations themselves.
However, because a sampling distribution describes sample statistics computed from many studies, it cannot be visualized directly from a single dataset.
Instead, we use either computational or mathematical structures to estimate the sampling distribution and hence to describe the expected variability of the sample statistic in repeated studies.
```
